Comms edits (#85)
softwaresaved/event-organisation-guide: docs/eog/eog-in-practice/cw21/event-project-stage/eps-timeline.rst

- Draft :ref:`cw21-fs-venue` 
- Draft :ref:`cw21-fs-date` 
- Draft :ref:`cw21-fs-audience` 

> - Draft CW21 Budget  [add note as to why we haven't made this public?]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Draft CW21 Budget  (this has not been made available as it contains information provided in confidence)
```
